hello so as promised I made the
following the video actually I had a
little worry of batteries so in 21 did not
worked so doubled change the stack
actually a play on both of which
was not busy enough so I had to
live it did not work so na
changed I tested it works it's
gone then there I showed you so there
in lyon so the end of the world and in 5
3 2 1
we realize francky the room
it's super happy
yesterday
here
the insult super fun is that when he
I was must so very much that's what it
made
his ranks way if it's super disappointed
it
we are happy coward so I you
fall a little or not at all so
there are the possibilities of actually
change the color so by pressing the
eve of one and there one takes place thanks to
do not illuminate the hand and the cdu
it sounds like color it's really
a top trick I have a lot the concept of
this doll and it's really great
so thank you very much for having
by his case with me
to have hoped to really loved
this video do not hesitate to comment
other questions ask your questions to
lézinnes and above all must love you
put a lot of young people here
do not hesitate to have you in my page
frankly do I think I
will be still full of videos because
than the other dolls to present
so here I am trying to prove there
I would like to make a
little video
claudia is also this closing doll
here she is super pretty 100
a small ball of gum saw a small
goal action is legal it's really
great and I would have done well with a
video to cut out there so we say to
very soon on the premium chain
zenden subscribe